Fix URL's anchor to "Callback Refs" page (#3810)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/docs/reference-react-dom.md

>
> `ReactDOM.render()` currently returns a reference to the root `ReactComponent` instance. However, using this return value is legacy
> and should be avoided because future versions of React may render components asynchronously in some cases. If you need a reference to the root `ReactComponent` instance, the preferred solution is to attach a

> > [callback ref](/docs/more-about-refs.html#callback-refs) to the root element.

Reviewer: The fragment is fixed but it's still not working (probably because of the redirect). 
```suggestion
> [callback ref](/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html#callback-refs) to the root element.
```
